Guardicore missing parameter bug + test module fix (#11441)
demisto/content: Packs/GuardiCore/ReleaseNotes/1_0_1.md

#### Integrations
##### GuardiCore

> - Fixed an issue where logging out from the product unseccussfully did not raise a meaningful error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where failing to log out from the product did not raise a meaningful error.
- Added the *from_time*, *to_time* arguments to the ***guardicore-get-incidents*** command.
```
